Add release blog post for v1.19.0 (#4020)
FerretDB/FerretDB: website/blog/2024-01-30-new-ferretdb-v119-release.md

## Bug fixes

This release fixes some of the bugs in previous versions.
For instance, we've fixed the issue with `maxTimeMS` for `getMore` command, which is important for tailable cursors.
`upsert` with `$setOnInsert` was also not working, and that has been fixed.

We've also fixed the validation process for creating duplicate `_id` index.
Normally, such operations should not cause an "Index already exists with a different name" and we're glad that has been resolved.

## Documentation update

In [our last release (v1.18.0)](https://blog.ferretdb.io/new-ferretdb-v118-support-oplog-functionality/), we added support for OpLog functionality, and we documented its usage and how you can set it up for your application.
With the addition of OpLog, users can start building real-time applications with FerretDB using the Meteor framework – [See the docs here](https://docs.ferretdb.io/configuration/oplog-support/).

We also fixed an issue with search queries on the documentation.
Before, our documentation search wasn't able to handle queries that involved operators like `$eq`, and this is finally fixed.

## Other changes

> Many of the changes in recent releases focus on enabling support for new authentication mechanism, such as `SCRAM-256`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the changes in recent releases focus on enabling support for new authentication mechanisms, such as `SCRAM-SHA-256`.
```

Among other things needed to make this possible, FerretDB should manage users by itself and support more user management commands.
So far, we've added basic support for the following user management commands: `createUser`, `dropAllUsersFromDatabase`, `dropUser`, `updateUser`, and `usersInfo`.

> For now, they are only accessible for testing purposes by running FerretDB with the `EnableNewAuth` flag/`FERRETDB_TEST_ENABLE_NEW_AUTH` environment variable.

Author: @AlekSi I'm not sure if this is something we want to include. Also, while I feel this should work -`EnableNewAuth` flag didn't work for me when I tried it out, but the environment variable `FERRETDB_TEST_ENABLE_NEW_AUTH` did.

Reviewer: Where did you get that flag name from?

Reviewer: Let's keep it, with the right flag name
